hey just talking but I don't even hear
them yo guys is going on Toby Hill
Toby's and welcome back to my fifa 13
virtual pro career mode series and
prolific and um we start this episode
off with like just the summary of the
game against barnsley away in the league
and um it's only a summary because the
video file got corrupted and by the time
I'd realized the game had already been
completed but as you can see was a
fantastic game 9.6 rating we got a one
goal and one assist and this game was
full of action like ms pennell in the
fifth minute then we opened the scoring
in the 10th minute and got two girls
later run it was dominated by us so I'm
really glad I couldn't bring the game to
you but it was just quite an amazing
game as you can see their third in the
team rankings at the moment I guess the
main reason we were really am kind of
pleased at that performance is the fact
that our main strike on current league
top scorer Burgess was injured for that
game if you guys remember and as you can
see again against blackpool here we
start again without him I'm partnering
Gutierrez upfront and it's not really
the same between us there's not that
much chemistry going on and he is a lot
slower and you know just he's just not
the same on the boys it's more difficult
to make runs and five passes as you can
see there Blackpool currently mad than
the table so it's not going to be an
easy game for us and we do really need
to capitalize even though the gap at the
top is like a nine point the hair and
nice works move on the edge of the books
can only just let raise the top of the
buyers fired over there really unlucky
not to take the lead and this is a game
of like really few chances to be honest
here jizzle turns and gets a shot off in
the end and I think the keeper saves it
and we can't capitalize on the move but
I think there are only two chances in
the opening 40 minutes of this game so
it was quite balance of mainly a lot of
possession and 45th minute jizzle works
the ball into I think Davies that is and
he turns and gets a shot off and yeah
just gives us the lead in this game
round half times I was a really good
time for us to score but I'm second half
we were a lot weaker and then that seems
to be a recurring sort of three theme
with them
simple and there is the worst shot your
ever sees a beautiful pass to moving he
just fired away but like I said the week
second half performances as a recurring
thing right now for Bolin and I guess
Blackpool kinda came back at us and
really put the pressure on and then we
get a chance to put the game beyond all
doubt hear me playing through Gutierrez
like I said he's not as fast or as
strong as Brody us and he doesn't
capitalize on that chance and in the end
we do get punished by them blackpool
from a set-piece in 89th minute
something that seems to happen quite a
lot Phillips gets to shut up there and
are spending keeper can only parry the
ball into the path of besharam who tucks
it away and makes the game 1 or and that
is how it finishes so a 1 or draw of my
place Blackpool it's not the best result
but at least it's not a loss and you
know I only managed to pick up an
average rating of 6.5 due to like the
pool and edge of the second half once
more that's a bit of discipline in for
us so yeah I'm moving on we get our
target update from a manager as you can
see i was done quite well getting over
the effort rate required scoring three
times the amount of calls and also be in
the ghost a shot conversion percentage
so that's a really good result for us
but over the next four games we're
setting new targets of an avid rate of
nine and a goal conversion rate of
thirty two percent which is quite high
as well as scoring two goals with two
girls i think is going to be quite
achievable but the rest might prove
tough but it's added incentive as
Lewisboro geos is returning to the squad
soon he's just got back from in he's
gonna be training with us and it's gonna
be competition for myself and gutierrez
to see who is replaced and Devin Go also
as you can see he's starting this game
but yeah this was a weird game for us
because Middlesbrough kind of started
the brera which is unusual we normally
start off get the first few chances in
the game but I'm yes I'm lovely board
over the top but maybe they were unable
to capitalize on that and we have a
standing goalkeeper glove lonegan or
second choice goalkeeper we now have a
Lynch there and he did quite well on
this game how about this for a goal
lovely chip all over the top and just
all fully as home and I was quite
impressed with this goal and but you can
see just just starting to get that
physical those physical attributes
coming through that the pace and a
shrimp no it's just a little bit of
movement as you can see a bear bear a
little bit of acceleration to keep up
with the ball and how about
ravali lots of shop out there little
will come straight back ass and here is
a fantastic intervention from Tyrone
Mears to prevent them get in an
equalizer just before halftime and we
keep the pressure up lovely bit of skill
from chisel there and how about that for
a second God that is to contestant goals
in one game drop of the shoulder takes
it part of the fender and smacks at home
with this weaker foot as well and the
celebrations is just fantastic to met
but you're really impressed with both
lethal chisels goals this game can see
he's just developing as a player and
getting more confident and creating
space for himself and he carries on
Brennan I'm lovely bit of passing a
movement there unfortunately not to
score fantastic say from the goalkeeper
there to deny his hat trick and then we
come straight back at them again not
giving them a moment's rest all comes
through chisel gets a shot if it's
blocked over the crossbar for another
corner so yeah really unfortunate not to
get a hat-trick there it doesn't stop
there the pressures constant throughout
the game another fantastic save from the
middle of goalkeeper to keep the score
at two nil brace from chisels and a
fantastic performance on the hall from
both Bolton and the individual pro see
that's when two nil so it's a fantastic
result for us and then 9.7 rating so
that's a great start to those new
objectives and really happy of that
performance from the team as you can see
we've gone up to a 74 overall so yeah
quite buzzing with that so yeah as you
guys can see we are quite comfortably
sitting top of the championship table
seven points clear simple place and you
know just looking much really strong
promotion contenders and which is always
now second in the overall championship
scoreboards behind bro just still by two
girls that he tops the assist leader
boards which is quite impressive so
quite happy to have that under our belts
at the moment but if you guys did enjoy
this video please do feel free to leave
a like if you didn't hit the dislike
button if you did love the video then
flirt as favorite like and share it and
I'll put you guys in a bit peace